yes
or the family today I bring you a video of
Christmas event like every year
the socks every city will have to
your father noel and nothing then comes if you speak
with the
make time we did not see each other
as always why you want to buy
book of a bar
have you can go see me in any
happy moment
we give again for those socks
in new homes
prophet and nothing else
movements and they have their mac
according to this year to give us
the good cafes we have to give a
reindeer and this reindeer lasts two hours
here we have our reindeer go very well
okay then now as you can see I'm going with
a new level
It will be easier and more comfortable to be able to
get the socks now I 'm going to
go kill and well when I have the
socks I explain a little bit more good
we are more or less here in place
or not for a corner of these killing a
bit good something a little bit of cheating
I have capes
of the mill
and even a glove of everything but good
because nothing is based ends up throwing
that we fall for now I got
one a trick that people are doing
A) Yes
and now for the event because in theory
nothing else
and do it every 24 hours
and that yes that we do not pass the time
of the kingdom that are two hours then in the
we can achieve it because with
another pj leave it for later and it turns out
what
if you miss the time you do not get the
socks
then you see that you have to buy the
tensor law added to understand me
will normally do what the
people are
and create new accounts
level 1 and nothing to come to get them out
I'll tell you the coffee makers
take and pin
and once he has achieved the draw that
Have to give
of the cafetines then reset the
characters
and back to start and so you can do
in a day 40 thousand times
then the practical or a nuisance according to how
You see it but well I only see practice
and surgery now here a pj so that
had the level 1 mill account
to do this
and gradually able to take the
socks and we 'll see what it is that
once gathered the five shops cafes
we have to go back to Santa Claus
to give us this reward
good young
etc a hot wine I do not bring you the
socks worth
let's go christmas a unit
now it's just to see what he gives us
very good 220 thousand already going to have to for
good god family as you can see
I got some of the most prizes
churros but good the good thing about this
event so that we can touch the
enchanted objects objects of duress
parchment correction scrolls
stone spirit parchment blessing
Fruit of life and stone soul potions
in a hurry it would be three 10,000 units
20,000 30,000 and 50,000 and 100,000 in yang
well it was not happened either but
you are lucky that the stones come out
souls well the only good thing that you
you can find good guys I hope that
you liked it and we'll see you in the
next
well once you've met the five to
the five